Update the local node tutorial (#75)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/api/hardhat/testing.md

The full list of the addresses of these accounts with the corresponding private keys can be found [here](https://github.com/matter-labs/local-setup/blob/main/rich-wallets.json).

::: tip ERC-20 tokens

The initial version of local node was shipped with several ERC-20 tokens deployed by default.

> It's no longer the case and if you need to interact with ERC-20 tokens, consider deploying them youself.

Reviewer: A minor suggestion: "consider doing something" sounds too formal to me, but maybe that's just me

```suggestion
It's no longer the case and if you need to interact with ERC-20 tokens, you should deploy them yourself.
```

But you should definitely fix `youself` => `yourself`

Author: Yeah, I guess. Thanks!
